----------------------------------------------------------------------
    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License , or
    (at your option) any later version.
 
    This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.
 
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this software. If not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

	*** This is alpha software -- use at your own risks ***


Introduction
------------
IPC::Shareable allows you to tie a variable to shared memory making it
easy to share the contents of that variable with other Perl processes.
Scalars, arrays, and hashes can be tied.  The variable being tied may
contain arbitrarily complex data structures - including references to
arrays, hashes of hashes, etc.


Installation
------------
0.  Prerequisites:
	-Perl version 5.005_03 or more recent.
	-System V IPC (shmget(2), shmctl(2), etc).
	-Storable.pm, version 0.6 or more recent.

1.  Installation steps:
	-from the directory where this file is located, type:
	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install


Incompatibility Alert
---------------------

This version contains some incompatiblities from earlier versions of
IPC::Shareable.  Here's a list of them.

1. Earlier versions used to accept upper-case values of YES/NO as
elements in the options hash; this version does not.

2. Earlier versions would try to allow data of arbitrary length to be
tied to shared memory.  This well-intentioned (but misguided) approach
convoluted the code.  Current versions of IPC::Shareable do not allow
data of arbitrary length.  Each individual tied variable may not have
a serialized length greater than the system's maximum shared memory
segment size.

3. This version of IPC::Shareable does not understand the format of
shared memory segments created by earlier versions.  If you try to tie
to such segments, you will get an error.  The only work around is to
clear the shared memory segments and start with a fresh set.

The benefits afforded in terms of code simplication and performance on
shorter segments more than make up for the above incompatibilities.

Documentation
-------------

The man page for IPC::Shareable is embedded in IPC::Shareable.pm.
Copies of this document in various formats can be found in the doc
directory of the distribution.  In there will you find information
about usage, pitfalls, etc.

Etc
---

I have tested this on Linux only. YMMV may vary on other systems.

The two-year hiatus between releases of IPC::Shareable is symptomatic
of the amount of time I have to contribute to this project.  Help save
the world! Submit me patches and improvements.

Also, don't be alarmed if I can't answer support emails.  If this
bothers you, you can always ask for your money back :-)

For a more light-weight, non-tie()-based interface to shared memory
see Maurice Aubrey's IPC::ShareLite.

--
Ben Sugars (bsugars@canoe.ca)
March 22, 2000
